chore: re-enable the Reference Docs options in the theme.openapi config (#1617)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/clever-fans-cross.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Allowed the theme.openapi to accept config options specific to Redoc 2.x and earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowed the `theme.openapi` configuration option to accept settings specific to Redoc 2.x and earlier.
```
